Release/3.1.0 (#294)
studiopress/genesis-sample: CHANGELOG.md

# Genesis Sample Theme Changelog

> ## [3.1.0] - Unreleased

Reviewer: @dreamwhisper Should we set the expected release date here now? (We could adjust if it changes.)

```suggestion
## [3.1.0] - 2019-08-21
```

Requires Genesis 3.1.0+

### Added
* Starter Pack feature to allow imported content choices.
* Customizer Logo width validation and messaging.
* Featured image display options for singular posts and pages.
* Footer widget import with one-click theme setup.

### Changed

> * Set archive image size to thumbnail on theme activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set archive image size to genesis-singular-images on theme activation.
```
